process: add _getActiveHandles documentation (#37261)
nodejs/node: doc/api/process.md

The return value includes fractions of a second. Use `Math.floor()` to get whole
seconds.

> ## `process._getActiveHandles()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `process.getActiveHandles()`
```

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* Returns: {Array}

> The `process.getActiveHandles` method returns the list of handles that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `process.getActiveHandles()` method returns the list of handles that are
```

> currently opened up by the process. These can be open file descriptors,
> conenction, resources that are actively being held by the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currently acquired by the process. These can be open file descriptors,
connections, and resources.
```
